feat(aps): add port information for vnc connections (#3927)
scaleway/docs-content: bare-metal/apple-silicon/how-to/access-remote-desktop-mac-mini.mdx

- A [Mac mini](/bare-metal/apple-silicon/how-to/create-mac-mini/)

## Accessing the remote desktop

<Message type="important">

>   The VNC port on Mac mini systems is **randomly assigned** during system installation and does not the default VNC port 5900. To connect successfully via VNC, use the specific port shown in the "Overview" section of your Mac mini’s configuration.

Reviewer: I think something is missing after "not" in this sentence "and does not the default VNC port 5900"

Author: ```suggestion
  The VNC port on Mac mini systems is **randomly assigned** during system installation and does not use the default VNC port 5900. To connect successfully via VNC, use the specific port shown in the "Overview" section of your Mac mini’s configuration.
```

>   The VNC port on Mac mini systems is **randomly assigned** during system installation and does not use the default VNC port 5900. To connect successfully via VNC, use the specific port shown in the "Overview" section of your Mac mini’s configuration.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  The VNC port on Mac mini systems is **randomly assigned** during system installation and does not use the default VNC port 5900. To connect successfully via VNC, use the specific port shown in the **Overview** section of your Mac mini’s configuration.
```

>   The VNC port on Mac mini systems is **randomly assigned** during system installation and does not use the default VNC port 5900. To connect successfully via VNC, use the specific port shown in the **Overview** section of your Mac mini’s configuration.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
  The VNC port on Mac mini systems is **randomly assigned** during system installation and may therefore be different from the default VNC port 5900. To connect successfully via VNC, use the specific port shown in the **Overview** section of your Mac mini’s configuration.
```

>   For manual connections, ensure that the port from the "Overview" section is correctly entered in your VNC client settings, as this is necessary for a successful connection.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  For manual connections, ensure that the port from the **Overview** section is correctly entered in your VNC client settings, as this is necessary for a successful connection.
```

          - Open Remote Desktop Manager
          - Click **+** and **New Entry**
          - Choose **ARD**

>           - Enter the Mac mini's IP address in the "Host" field. Then, specify the port in the "Port" field, along with your username and password (located in the console).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
          - Enter the Mac mini's IP address in the **Host** field. Then, specify the port in the **Port** field, along with your username and password (located in the console).
```

          - Open Remote Desktop Manager
          - Click **+** and **New Entry**
          - Choose **ARD**

>           - Enter the Mac mini's IP address in the "Host" field. Then, specify the port in the "Port" field, along with your username and password (located in the console).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
          - Enter the Mac mini's IP address in the **Host** field. Then, specify the port in the **Port** field, along with your username and password (located in the console).
```
